[docs] Add note about specifying registry path for `d8-push.sh` script (#4685)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md

   ./d8-push.sh --source-dir /your/source-dir/ --path your.private.registry.com/deckhouse --username <USERNAME> --password <PASSWORD>
   ```

>    > Note! please, refer to documentation of your registry to proper specify `--path` value
>    > (for example, for `Harbor` it can be `harbor.registry.com/deckhouse/deckhouse`, but not `harbor.registry.com/deckhouse`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Note! Please, refer to the documentation of your registry to properly specify the `--path` value. For example, for `Harbor` it can be `harbor.registry.com/deckhouse/deckhouse`, but not `harbor.registry.com/deckhouse`.
```
